---
sidebar_position: 18
description: View all available statistics in graph charts form
---

# Statistics

Τhis page contains application related statistics. Statistics are displayed in graph charts form and are the following:

- **Plans Count**: the number of [`plans`](/docs/application/plans/index.md) that have been created through the time.
- **Descriptions Count**: the number of [`descriptions`](/docs/application/descriptions/index.md) that have been created through the time.
- **References Count**: the number of [`references`](/docs/application/references.md) that have been created through the time.<br/>*The number of references is displayed in the chart by [reference type](/docs/administration/reference-types.md).*
- **Users Count**: the number of `users` that have been added through the time.
- **Plan Blueprints Count**: the number of [`plan blueprints`](/docs/application/blueprints.md) that have been added through the time.
- **Description Templates Count**: the number of [`description templates`](/docs/application/templates.md) that have been added through the time.

:::note
- Charts are generated by [KPI service](/docs/supplementary-services/kpi.md)
- Chart data is filtered based by tenant your are logged in with.
:::

:::info
This page is available if [KPI service](/docs/supplementary-services/kpi.md) is enabled
:::

:::warning
To display data to charts you **must** create an Indicator. More details can be found in [maintenance indicator events](/docs/administration/maintenance.md#indicator-events)
:::

## Authorization

Only users that have any type of **Gloabl Admin** roles or **Tenant Specific Admin** roles can role can access this page.

:::warning
Only the users who have access to charts can view the data. More details can be found in [maintenance indicator events](/docs/administration/maintenance.md#indicator-events)
:::

## Navigation

This view is available when the user presses the `Statistics` link from the side navigation menu.